hey guys so today I'm going to be doing
a Nina Dobrev makeup tutorial off of the
season one of the vampire diaries which
is just a really brown gold smokey eye
and I use the Naked 2 palette but a lot
of people have this palette so I figured
it would be a good easy tutorial that a
lot of people would be able to replicate
exact color another thing before I start
is I already had the makeup like the BB
cream my concealer and my eye primer
done beforehand because my camera is
charging i actually have to run out the
door um but if you want to see the exact
way that i applied that it's in my last
tutorial which i will link down in the
bottom bar if you guys haven't seen it
yet so if you guys want to figure out
how to do this look then keep on
watching
hi haiti thing see you could spare some
time for boyo wouldn't cross your mind
put down your guard this take all night
eyes see your image for a while
but no one knows how you feel inside
okay princess but I could be your side
is very
hey gotta be a better way better way for
me to say could you find a way
is there a better way
is you
so far
cool
you can princess
because it wouldn't hurt to try
take a walk on the other side
there's no me without you
gotta be a better way better way
Oh
make inferences
I can see it
mom you
royalty is just my style
you